README.md, before:

# Personal Dockerfiles

## Dockerfile.NGC.DGX
* ubuntu==20.04
* cuda==11.3.1
* cuDNN==8.2.1
* python==3.8.10
* pytorch==1.9.0
* torchvision==0.10.0
* opencv-python==4.5.3
* etc

In addition, some additional packages are installed for transferring files between NVIDIA DGX and external source or NAS.
* rsync==3.1.3
* lftp==4.8.4

To build this image, run
```
docker build -f Dockerfile.NGC.DGX [-t name:tag] PATH
```

## Dockerfile_base
* ubuntu==20.04
* cuda==11.1.1
* python==3.9.5
* pytorch==1.9.0
* torchvision==0.10.0
* numpy==1.21.0

To build the base image, run
```
docker build -f Dockerfile_base [-t name:tag] PATH
```

## Dockerfile
This build is based on the base image built by `Dockerfile_base`. You can modify `Dockerfile` for your own project. If you only need to install additional packages, just modify `install.sh` which automatically install all the packages you specify. To build an image for your project, run
```
docker build [-t name:tag] PATH
```
## How to use
### Running a Docker container
If you want to use gpus before using Docker, you have to install `nvidia-container-toolkit`.
```
distribution=$(. /etc/os-release;echo $ID$VERSION_ID) \
   && curl -s -L https://nvidia.github.io/nvidia-docker/gpgkey | sudo apt-key add - \
   && curl -s -L https://nvidia.github.io/nvidia-docker/$distribution/nvidia-docker.list | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-docker.list
```
```
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y nvidia-docker2
```
To run a container, run
```
docker run [-it] [-gpus all] [--shm-size=1gb] [--name container_name] [-v DIR:/workspace] IMAGE
```
Here, `DIR` means the directory you want to mount on the container in order to access to the local filesystem. 

### Transferring files between NVIDIA DGX and other sources

#### 1. rsync
   ```
   rsync -avzhP SOURCE TARGET
   ```
   For example, if you want to transfer a directory `/home/user/foo` from `user@host` to `/workspace` of a container, run the command below, and vice versa.
   ```
   rsync -avzhP user@host:/home/user/foo /workspace
   ```
#### 2. lftp
   When you want to connect to the server and transfer the files, first connect to the server:
   ```
   lftp -u USER[,PASSWORD] SERVER_IP
   ```
   Note that you can use the Linux command (e.g., `cd`, `rm`, `ls`) when connected.
   Then, run the below command to transfer the files.
   ```
   # remote --> local
   mirror REMOTE_DIR LOCAL_DIR

   # local --> remote
   mirror -R LOCAL_DIR REMOTE_DIR
   ```
   `SOURCE` and `TARGET` can be both local and remote file directory. `-R` stands for recursive mode, which enables to transfer the whole directory tree.

   When I use `lftp` in a Docker container, I encountered an error:
   ```
   Fatal Error: Certification verification: Not trusted
   ```
   In order to solve this problem, you need to edit the configuration file of `lftp`. You can just run the command below to do so.
   ```
   echo "set ssl:verify-certificate no" >> ~/.lftp/rc
   ```
   In the image built by `Dockerfile.NGC.DGX`, this job is already done, So you don't have to worry about this.

Commit message:

Instructions for running containers as a local user

README.md, after:

# Personal Dockerfiles

## Dockerfile.NGC.DGX
* ubuntu==20.04
* cuda==11.3.1
* cuDNN==8.2.1
* python==3.8.10
* pytorch==1.9.0
* torchvision==0.10.0
* opencv-python==4.5.3
* etc

In addition, some additional packages are installed for transferring files between NVIDIA DGX and external source or NAS.
* rsync==3.1.3
* lftp==4.8.4

Because we usually mount the local partition to the container and write some files on it, There is a need to set `USER` as a non-root user. To build this image, run
```
docker build -f Dockerfile.NGC.DGX [--build-arg USER=$(id -un)] [-t name:tag] PATH
```
The default setting for `USER`, `UID`, and `GID` is `docker`, `1000`, `1000`, respectively. If your account has different ones, you have to specify them by `--build-arg`.

## Dockerfile_base
* ubuntu==20.04
* cuda==11.1.1
* python==3.9.5
* pytorch==1.9.0
* torchvision==0.10.0
* numpy==1.21.0

To build the base image, run
```
docker build -f Dockerfile_base [-t name:tag] PATH
```

## Dockerfile
This build is based on the base image built by `Dockerfile_base`. You can modify `Dockerfile` for your own project. If you only need to install additional packages, just modify `install.sh` which automatically install all the packages you specify. To build an image for your project, run
```
docker build [-t name:tag] PATH
```
## How to use
### Running a Docker container
If you want to use gpus before using Docker, you have to install `nvidia-container-toolkit`.
```
distribution=$(. /etc/os-release;echo $ID$VERSION_ID) \
   && curl -s -L https://nvidia.github.io/nvidia-docker/gpgkey | sudo apt-key add - \
   && curl -s -L https://nvidia.github.io/nvidia-docker/$distribution/nvidia-docker.list | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-docker.list
```
```
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y nvidia-docker2
```
To run a container, run
```
docker run [-it] [-gpus all] [--shm-size=1gb] [--name container_name] [-v DIR:/workspace] IMAGE
```
Here, `DIR` means the directory you want to mount on the container in order to access to the local filesystem. 

### Transferring files between NVIDIA DGX and other sources

#### 1. rsync
   ```
   rsync -avzhP SOURCE TARGET
   ```
   For example, if you want to transfer a directory `/home/user/foo` from `user@host` to `/workspace` of a container, run the command below, and vice versa.
   ```
   rsync -avzhP user@host:/home/user/foo /workspace
   ```
#### 2. lftp
   When you want to connect to the server and transfer the files, first connect to the server:
   ```
   lftp -u USER[,PASSWORD] SERVER_IP
   ```
   Note that you can use the Linux command (e.g., `cd`, `rm`, `ls`) when connected.
   Then, run the below command to transfer the files.
   ```
   # remote --> local
   mirror REMOTE_DIR LOCAL_DIR

   # local --> remote
   mirror -R LOCAL_DIR REMOTE_DIR
   ```
   `SOURCE` and `TARGET` can be both local and remote file directory. `-R` stands for recursive mode, which enables to transfer the whole directory tree.

   When I use `lftp` in a Docker container, I encountered an error:
   ```
   Fatal Error: Certification verification: Not trusted
   ```
   In order to solve this problem, you need to edit the configuration file of `lftp`. You can just run the command below to do so.
   ```
   echo "set ssl:verify-certificate no" >> ~/.lftp/rc
   ```
   In the image built by `Dockerfile.NGC.DGX`, this job is already done, So you don't have to worry about this.
